The Power*Architect program source code, documentation, and binary
packages are Copyright 2007 SQL Power Group Inc. All rights reserved.

The Architect relies on a number of third-party libraries, most
of which are bundled with both the source and binary distributions.
We redistribute those libraries under their own licensing terms,
which are outlined in the user guide.  See the user guide (or its
source file, doc/PowerArchitectUserGuide.xml) for details on the
third-party libraries and their respective licences.

Additionally, the Architect can be downloaded together with bundled
JDBC drivers. There are additional restrictions upon the
redistribution of those drivers, outlined below in this file.

The Architect code, documentation, and binary packages are made
available under the following license (commonly referred to as
the "New BSD License"):


The BSD License for the Power*Architect
=======================================

Copyright (c) 2007, SQL Power Group Inc.

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
      the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
      distribution.
    * Neither the name of SQL Power Group Inc. nor the names of its
      contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
      from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


Additional Restrictions for Bundled JDBC Drivers

Some versions of the Architect include 3rd party JDBC drivers.  Those
drivers are distributed under these additional restrictions:

1. You may not redistribute copies of the Architect download which
   includes the Oracle and/or Microsoft SQL Server JDBC drivers.  If
   you wish to redistribute the Architect, you must obtain and
   distribute the version which does not include these bundled drivers.

2. You may not publish benchmark information about performance related
   to your use of any of the 3rd-party JDBC drivers.

3. You may not reverse engineer, de-compile, or disassemble the 3rd
   party JDBC drivers.

4. You must comply with all domestic and international United States
   export laws when downloading and redistributing the software.  In
   particular, you may not download the Architect which includes bundled
   3rd-party drivers to, or allow your copy of the Architect with 3rd
   party bundled drivers to be exported to a country on one of the
   export-controlled countries lists.
   
   For details, see http://www.microsoft.com/exporting and
   http://www.oracle.com/products/export/index.html?content.html
